YourAppName --> your_app_name for cd (#30734)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/getting_started/installation/install_miniconda.md

  bash Miniforge3-Linux-x86_64.sh -b -p ~/miniforge
  ```

- +Macintosh Users with Apple Silicon processors:+

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-MacOSX-arm64.sh
  bash Miniforge3-MacOSX-arm64.sh -b -p ~/miniforge
  ```

!alert! note title=Intel Macs nearing End of Life
Apple will cease support for all Intel based Macintosh machines in 2026, as will we at that time.

> *read: As our Continuous Integration Intel machines break, they are replaced with Apple Silicon. Limiting our ability to test new features.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*read: As our Continuous Integration Intel machines break, they are replaced with Apple Silicon. This will limit our ability to test new features for Intel compatibility.*
```
